Documentation/KnownProblems/Index.rst, before:

Known problems
--------------

- The seminar hours are displayed without a unit, e.g. “17:00” instead
  of “17:00 h”.

- All registrations (paid and unpaid) are counted for the seminar
  statistics.

- In some cases, the list view in the front-end plug-in may be empty. Do
  this:

- Check that all seminars lie within the configured time window for the
  list view (the default is current and upcoming events). Events without
  a begin date/time always appear as an upcoming event.

- **All non-empty changes at the flexforms of the plug-in overwrite the
  settings of the corresponding TS setup. Empty data in the flexforms
  don't overwrite non-empty data from the TS setup.**

- The search in the list view covers pretty most of what is visible in
  the single view except for the payment methods (this is intended).

- The inlining of CSS in HTML emails is available in Composer-mode only
  as this feature makes use of a third-party library.

- Starting with seminars 5.2.0, the CSV export is available in Composer-mode
  only as this feature makes use of a third-party library.

Commit message:

[DOCS] Document the incompatibilities with `b13/bolt` (#4604)
Also fix some formatting issues in the affected ReST files.

Fixes #4572

Documentation/KnownProblems/Index.rst, after:

Known problems
--------------

- The seminar hours are displayed without a unit, e.g. “17:00” instead
  of “17:00 h”.

- All registrations (paid and unpaid) are counted for the seminar
  statistics.

- In some cases, the list view in the front-end plug-in may be empty. Do
  this:

  - Check that all seminars lie within the configured time window for the
    list view (the default is current and upcoming events). Events without
    a begin date/time always appear as an upcoming event.

- All non-empty changes at the flexforms of the plug-in overwrite the
  settings of the corresponding TS setup. Empty data in the flexforms
  don't overwrite non-empty data from the TS setup.

- The search in the list view covers pretty most of what is visible in
  the single view except for the payment methods (this is intended).

- The inlining of CSS in HTML emails is available in Composer-mode only
  as this feature makes use of a third-party library.

- The CSV export currently will be empty if  the `b13/bolt` package is
  installed.

- The scheduler tasks currently cannot read their configuration if the
  `b13/bolt` package is installed.
